Update README.md with mention to Android repo (#562)
Automattic/Gravatar-SDK-iOS: README.md

Gravatar SDK is a Swift library that allows you to integrate [Gravatar](https://gravatar.com/) features into your own iOS applications.

> If you're also looking to integrate Gravatar in your Android app, check out the [Gravatar Android SDK](https://github.com/Automattic/Gravatar-SDK-android)!

Reviewer: Great idea.

Small idea: rewording to align with the repo naming scheme also reads quite nicely

```suggestion
If you're also looking to integrate Gravatar in your Android app, check out our [Gravatar SDK for Android](https://github.com/Automattic/Gravatar-SDK-android)!
```
